a four-year-old Palestinian boy who was
wounded in an Israeli strike in Gaza has
died in Doha laai Abul Raman Musa was
brought toq for medical treatment but
his injuries were too severe and doctors
were unable to save him well hundreds of
people in Doha have turned out for his
funeral Axel zovich was at the funeral
he's joining us live tell us about loai
Axel and how he ended up here in
Doha
well that's right not long ago a crowd
of approximately 200 people actually
gathered here you know to Bid Farewell
to four-year-old L uh Musa so he was
from Gaz and he was brought here as a
part of an initiative launched by the
Kat government in cooperation with Egypt
to transport the wounded Palestinians to
Doha to receive Medical Treatments so in
this case it's really important to
mention that he had no family members
here he had no relatives and this
significant turnout actually
demonstrates the community's uh sense of
compassion and solidarity as I said this
is part of an initiative launched by the
katari government but also we've seen a
similar initiative also being observed
in different countries such as United uh
Arab Emirates and turkey and it's really
also important to mention here that this
outpour of support here it really
highlights the need to help the
Palestinians but also we are hearing
calls from this place to end the war in
Gaza as soon as possible well AEL thank
you for that that is Axel zovich live
here in Doha